/*
    Clean

    This is one the default release preset for firmware version 2. It stays
    fairly true to the original, but incorporates Vari-Speed recording, and
    top-level control over crossfade duration. A good all-rounder without too many
    surprises up its sleeves. Most Tape emulation features are turned off in this
    preset making it good choice for the squeeky clean digital purists.
*/
{
    /*
        Record Speed:
        This function changes the behavior of the record speed. When set to 0
        (Variable Speed) the record speed will follow the speed set by the speed
        pot. This is how a tape machine would behave, if it had continuously
        variable, bi-directional speed control. Setting the speed control to 1
        (Fixed Speed) will fix the record speed at original speed forwards, or
        sample rate. This is how the record functioned in version 1 of the
        firmware and enables pitch shifting functionality.

        0 - Variable Record Speed
        1 - Fixed Record Speed
    */
        RecordSpeed: 0

    /*
        Playback Speed:
        In Follow mode, playback taps on the Lubadh will always follow the speed
        as determined by the speed pot. Alternatively the Playback Speed can be
        set to sample the speed set by the speed pot when a new tap is spawned
        and hold that speed regardless of changes to the speed pot (Hold mode).
        Used in combination with Multi-Tap mode (see below) this allows you to
        have multiple simultaneous playback taps each playing at different
        pitches. This setting can be set separately and independently for
        looping and oneshot playback.

        0 - Follow
        1 - Hold
    */
        PlaybackSpeed:
        {
            Looping: 0
            Oneshot: 0
        }

    /*
        Multi-Tap engine:
        As of firmware version 2, the Lubadh utilises a multi-tap engine. In
        Single-Tap mode, when a new tap is triggered the current tap fades out
        giving the perception of a seamless loop monitored through a single
        playhead. When Muti-Tap mode is enabled the retrig button will trigger
        additional playback taps. This can be useful for Multi-Tap delays or
        granular type effects, and even polyphony when used in combination with
        Playback Speed Hold functionality (see above).

        0 - Off (Single-Tap)
        1 - On  (Multi-Tap)
    */
        MultiTap: 0

    /*
        Speed control:
        This setting allows you to choose how the speed control behaves. In
        Notched mode, slight notches will be made at speeds selected by the
        Speed Markers list. This can make it easier to select these speeds.
        Stepped mode removes all ramping between the Speed Markers, making the
        speed step from one marker to the next. Smooth control ignores the Speed
        Markers altogether - this can be useful for obtaining a smooth response
        when using external CV for pitch modulation.

        V/Oct mode also ignores the Speed Marker list and maps the speed for an
        exponential response from 0.25x to 4.00x speed, with reverse speed
        accessed by 'flipping the deck' - holding the opposite erase button and
        pressing erase of the deck you wish to flip (see quick start guide). In
        V/Oct mode the 5v range of the pot and CV input is mapped like so...

        0V-1V = 0.00x to 0.25x (Linear)
        1V-2V = 0.25x to 0.50x
        2V-3V = 0.50x to 1.00x
        3V-4V = 1.00x to 2.00x
        4V-5V = 2.00x to 4.00x


        The speed marker list can be used for either restricting the speeds
        available - particularly in combination with Stepped mode, for instance
        you could set it so that the speed control simply selects from either
        forward or reverse playback. Alternatively you could use it to add
        pitches, for instance at chromatic intervals or adding in 5ths or
        major/minor tonalities. This could be particularly useful, for example,
        in combination with the Lubadh's pitch shifting functionality.

        Speed Control options:
        0 - Notched
        1 - Stepped
        2 - Smooth
        3 - V/Oct
    */
        SpeedControl: 0
        SpeedMarkers: [0, 0.5, 1.0, 2.0, 4.0]


    /*
        User-definable Time Pot function:
        The functionality of the third time pot mode can be used to control
        various parameters. Select Crossfade Duration to have dynamic control
        over, you guessed it, the duration of the crossfades. Select Speed Slew
        Time and the time pot will act as an attenuator over the Speed Slew
        Time, as set above. Tape Emulation Amount allows the time pot to act as
        an attenuator over the depth of Wow, Flutter and Crinkle, as set in the
        Tape Emulation settings (see below).

        0 - Crossfade Duration
        1 - Speed Slew Time
        2 - Tape Emulation Amount
    */
        TimePot: 0

    /*
        Record Jack Functionality:
        The Record Jack can be set to Latching Record, whereby Record latches on
        or off in response to a trigger. In this mode the behaviour of the
        Record Jack input mirrors the behaviour of the Record Button. Set to
        Gated Record and recording is active whenever a high gate is present at
        the Record Jack, recording is toggled off when the gate returns to low.

        Alternatively the Record Jack can be used as a clock input. This offers
        an additional way to sync the Lubadh to other modules within a patch.
        Using this clocking functionality re-pitches the loop in response to an
        external clock source. The expected behaviour of the external clock can
        be set using the External Clock settings (see below).

        0 - Latching Record
        1 - Gated Record
        2 - External Clock
    */
        RecordJack: 0

        
    /*
        External Clock:
        As discussed above, the Lubadh can be externally clocked. These settings
        determine how the clock input pulses are used to set the speed.

        Average:
        This sets the number of clock pulses (or rather, the durations between
        them) used to set the appropriate speed. Higher values give more stable
        speed syncronisation at the cost of a slower response to changes in the
        clock speed.

        Resolution:
        This enables an internal clock divider allowing you to use a higher
        resolution clock for more presicion when syncing. Similar to MIDI-sync
        PPQ, but instead of setting clock pulses-per-quarter note this sets the
        number of clock pulses per full loop.
        Setting this value to 0 ties the external clock resolution to the
        currently selected Clock Division.

        Timeout:
        This sets the timeout (in seconds) for the external clock input. A 
        timeout may be useful if you use the external clocking capabilities as 
        more of an external tap tempo, where there is likely to be occasional 
        large gaps between clock pulses. However, having a timeout will 
        introduce a minimum clockable speed.
        Setting timeout to zero will disable this function.

        Note: this setting only has an effect if the Record Jack Functionality
        is set to External Clock (see above).
    */
        ExternalClock:
        {
            Average: 4
            Resolution: 64
            Timeout: 0
        }


    /*
        Clock Divisions:
        Select between the list of clock divisions available in the original
        firmware, or choose to limit the list to either Even divisions, Odd
        division or Powers Of Two. Handy for keeping sync functionality
        rhythmically intuitive by only doubling or halving the clock pulse
        (Powers of Two) or incorporating degrees of 'awkwardness' (Odd) for less
        obvious shifting timing relationships.

        0 - All [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,16,24,32,64]
        1 - Even [2,4,6,8,10,12,16,24,32,64]
        2 - Odd [1,3,5,7,9,11]
        3 - Powers Of Two [1,2,4,8,16,32,64]
    */
        ClockDivisions: 0

    /*
        Start/Length Quantisation:
        Select the list of divisions available for quantising the start point
        and length of loops. When selected, start and length values will snap
        to nearest division of the total loop length. When quantised holding
        shift/retrig while adjusting start/length will add an unquantised
        offset. Selecting 0 will disable quantisation.

        0 - All [2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,16,24,32,64]
        1 - Even [2,4,6,8,10,12,16,24,32,64]
        2 - Odd [3,5,7,9,11]
        3 - Powers Of Two [2,4,8,16,32,64]
    */
        Quantisation: 3

    /*
        Erase + Record Button Combination:
        This setting changes what happens when you hold Erase and press the
        Record Button. The Punch-In Record setting allows you to overwrite
        sections of the loop. Alternatively this button combination can be used
        as a Tap-Tempo, which allows you to re-pitch the loop so that its timing
        matches the tempo tapped in. The currently active clock division is used
        as a clock divider over this value. This is useful, for example, if you
        have a 1-bar loop and want to tap in the quarter-note pulse: you can set
        clock divisions to 4 and the tap tempo duration will then set the
        quarter note duration. For longer loops try higher clock divisions.

        0 - Punch-In Record
        1 - Tap Tempo
    */
        EraseRecord: 0

    /*
        Minimum Loop Length:
        Sets the loop length, in samples, when the length pot is at its minimum
        position. Smaller lengths can be good for resonant Karplus delay lengths
        or for granular-like effects with Multi-Tap engaged. Longer lengths can
        sound smoother, more natural and less clicky.

        (number of samples * sample rate(48k) = length in seconds)
        For example, set to 1280 samples for roughly 25ms.
    */
        MinLength: 1280

    /*
        Default Crossfade Duration:
        This is the crossfade duration used as a default when the crossfade
        duration isn't being set by the alternate time-pot function (above).
        Durations are set in milliseconds from 0ms - 250ms.
    */
        CrossfadeDuration: 50

    /*
        Retrigger delay:
        Adds an optional delay (in milliseconds) to the Retrig Jack Input. This
        is useful when sequencing the Lubadh, to compensate for timing
        differences between pitch and gate signals from external sequencers.
        Optimum timings will vary sequencer to sequencer, try 25ms as a starting
        point and adjust to suit. Too long and you may notice a timing lag, too
        short and the next note will be triggered before the pitch is updated.
    */
        RetrigDelay: 5

    /*
        Max Dub Level:
        Sets the maximum dub level that can be set using the time-pot. Useful
        for having a slight attenuation of material over time so you can leyer
        sounds for longer before they become overly distorted.
    */
        MaxDubLevel: 0.9


    /*
        Tape Emulation Settings

        The below settings can be used for fine tuning certain elements of the
        Lubadh's tape emulation engine. The Time Pot can also be used to give
        you a top-level control over Tape Emulation Amount, which acts as an
        attenuator over the depth of Wow, Flutter, Crinkle, Tape Age,
        Hysterisis, Wear, and Tape Saturation settings. Tape Emulation settings
        compound over time with successive overdubs.

        Wow and Flutter: models changes in speed caused by irregular tape motion
        during recording or playback, Wow is specifically used to model the
        lower frequency cyclical modulations often in the range of 0Hz - 5Hz.
        Flutter is often the resultant noise induced from flaws in the capstan
        or pinch-roller and so tends to have higher frequency components, around
        5 - 50Hz.

        Crinkle: is used to add irregularity to the Tape Emulation,
        like that which you find from a crinkle or crease in analogue tape. This
        is particularly common when making, manipulating, using and re-using
        tape loops. It's also found in tape delays, such as the Space Echo,
        where the tape is left free running in a compartment rather than feeding
        directly from spool to spool.

        Tape Age: reflects the loss of bandwidth in older tape. 0 gives the
        crisp full range response of fresh tape while settings approaching 1
        will soften, darken and evenutally begin to muffle like a pieace of tape
        found lying around in a dusty old cupboard.

        Hysterisis: in tape results from lingering magnetic charge in the tape
        heads causing a characteristic non-linear smudging of the input signal.

        Wear: reflects the uneven way in which magnetic tape wears out. Areas
        with a weaker magnetic charge wear out first whilst the areas of the
        tape with a stronger charge persist, over time quieter sounds begin to
        fade whilst louder sounds persist.

        Each of these parameters are set in a range from 0-1.
    */
        WowFlutterDepth: 0
        CrinkleDepth: 0
        TapeAge: 0
        Hysterisis: 0
        Wear: 0
    /*
        Tape Saturation:
        Knee sets the curvature of the amplitude response used in the tape
        saturator. Lower values introduce soft-clipping, higher values reduce
        the effect but opens up the possibility of hard-clipping from successive
        overdubs. Compensation is used to compensate for gain lost from the
        saturation curve. This can drive the signal hotter on to the tape and
        has a slight low-frequency emphasis. Non-zero settings result in
        positive feedback, which can cause distortion as the overdub level
        increases. This setting is also attenuated by the Tape Amount time-pot
        parameter

        Setting Knee to 0 will select a tanh-like curve.
    */
        Knee: 0.3
        Compensation: 0

    /*
        Input Filtering:
        The input filter consists of a resonant 2-pole low-cut filter, which
        provides the characteristic low frequency bump associated with tape
        machines. A single pole high cut filter provides the high frequency
        roll-off. More affected worn tape sounds can be achieved with raising
        the cut off and resonance of the Low-Cut filter and reducing the cut off
        frequency of the High-Cut filter, achieving a boosted bandpass effect,
        like that of old tape.

        Frequencies are set in Hz and Q or resonance is set 0-1, 0 being off,
        0.4 - 0.6 being resonant. More than 0.6 is too much.
    */
        LowCutFreq: 20
        LowCutQ: 0.2
        HighCutFreq: 15000

    /*
        Speed Slew Time:
        Sets Slew Time in milliseconds for the speed control. Higher settings
        (>15 ms) will give a  tape-like lag to any speed changes. This is also
        responsible for the lovely pitch-whip artefacts when speed changes are
        used to vary delay length. Extreme settings (>100ms) are fun for a
        wobbly unpredictable mess. Set to 0 to disable the slew. This is handy
        if you want to CV the speed and have it jump to new pitches immediately,
        and especially handy when used with a sequencer in combination with
        V/Oct speed control.
    */
        SpeedSlewTime: 5

    /*
        Capacitive Touch Mode:
        The Capacitive Touch response can be configured either to Stall mode
        where holding your finger on the Capacitive Touch plate will cause the
        playback speed to slow and eventually stall altogether. As the charge
        dissipates, playback speed will ramp back up to the previous speed. In
        Dip mode, touching the Capacitive Touch plate will cause the speed to
        momentarily dip down before it pings back up to the previous speed. This
        can be nice for adding pitch artefacts into loops or delays.

        0 - Off
        1 - Stall
        2 - Dip
    */
        CapacativeTouchMode: 0
}